Usage:

  cutechess-cli -engine [eng_options] -engine [eng_options]... [options]

Options:

  -help 		Display this information
  -version		Display the version number
  -engines		Display a list of configured engines and exit
  -engine OPTIONS	Add an engine defined by OPTIONS to the tournament
  -each OPTIONS		Apply OPTIONS to each engine in the tournament
  -variant VARIANT	Set the chess variant to VARIANT, which can be one of:
			'3check': Three-check Chess
			'5check': Five-check Chess
			'aiwok': Ai-Wok (Makruk variant)
			'almost': Almost Chess
			'amazon': Amazon Chess
			'andernach': Andernach Chess
			'antiandernach': Anti-Andernach Chess
			'antichess': Antichess (Losing Chess)
			'asean': ASEAN-Chess
			'atomic': Atomic Chess
			'berolina': Berolina Chess
			'cambodian': Ouk Chatrang (Cambodian Chess)
			'capablanca': Capablanca Chess
			'caparandom': Capablanca Random Chess
			'chancellor': Chancellor Chess (9x9)
			'changeover': Change-Over Chess
			'checkless': Checkless Chess
			'chessgi': Chessgi (Drop Chess)
			'chigorin': Chigorin Chess
			'circulargryphon': Circular Gryphon Chess
			'codrus': Game of Codrus (Losing Chess variant)
			'coregal': Co-regal Chess
			'courier': Courier Chess
			'crazyhouse': Crazyhouse (Drop Chess)
			'discplacedgrid': Displaced Grid Chess
			'embassy': Embassy Chess
			'extinction': Extinction Chess
			'fischerandom': Fischer Random Chess/Chess 960
			'giveaway': Giveaway Chess (Losing Chess)
			'gothic': Gothic Chess
			'grand': Grand Chess
			'grid': Grid Chess
			'gridolina': Berolina Grid Chess
			'gryphon': Gryphon Chess
			'gustav3': Gustav III's Chess
			'hoppelpoppel': Hoppel-Poppel (has N/B hybrids)
			'horde': Horde Chess (v2)
			'janus': Janus Chess
			'jesonmor': Jeson Mör
			'karouk': Kar Ouk (One-check Ouk)
			'kinglet': Kinglet Chess
			'kingofthehill': King of the Hill Chess
			'knightmate': Knightmate
			'loop': Loop Chess (Drop Chess)
			'losalamos': Los Alamos Chess
			'losers': Loser's Chess
			'makruk': Makruk (Thai Chess)
			'modern': Modern Chess (9x9)
			'newzealand': New Zealand Chess (has N/R hybrids)
			'placement': Placement Chess
			'pocketknight': Pocket Knight Chess
			'racingkings': Racing Kings Chess
			'rifle': Rifle Chess
			'seirawan': S-Chess (Seirawan Chess)
			'shatranj': Shatranj
			'shoot': Shoot Chess
			'slippedgrid': Slipped Grid Chess
			'simplifiedgryphon': Simplified Gryphon Chess
			'sittuyin': Sittuyin (Myanmar Chess)
			'suicide': Suicide Chess (Losing Chess)
			'superandernach': Super-Andernach Chess
			'threekings': Three Kings Chess
			'twokings': Two Kings Each Chess (Wild 9)
			'twokingssymmetric': Symmetrical Two Kings Each Chess
			'standard': Standard Chess (default).
  -concurrency N	Set the maximum number of concurrent games to N
  -draw movenumber=NUMBER movecount=COUNT score=SCORE
			Adjudicate the game as a draw if the score of both
			engines is within SCORE centipawns from zero for at
			least COUNT consecutive moves, and at least NUMBER full
			moves have been played. Captures and pawn moves will
			reset the counters.
  -resign movecount=COUNT score=SCORE [twosided=VALUE]
			Adjudicate the game as a loss if an engine's score is
			at least SCORE centipawns below zero for at least COUNT
			consecutive moves.
			If VALUE is true (default: false) then activate
			two-sided resign adjudication: The scores of the winning
			side must be at least SCORE centipawns above zero for at
			least COUNT consecutive moves.
  -maxmoves N		Adjudicate the game as a draw if the game is still
			ongoing after N or more full moves have been played.
			This limit is not in action if set to zero.
  -tb PATHS		Adjudicate games using Syzygy tablebases. PATHS should
			be semicolon-delimited list of paths to the compressed
			tablebase files. Only the DTZ tablebase files are
			required.
  -tbpieces N		Only use tablebase adjudication for positions with
			N pieces or less.
  -tbignore50		Disable the fifty move rule for tablebase adjudication.
  -tournament TYPE	Set the tournament type to TYPE, which can be one of:
			'round-robin': Round-robin tournament (default)
			'gauntlet': First engine plays against the rest
			'knockout': Single-elimination tournament.
			'pyramid': Every engine plays against all predecessors
  -event EVENT		Set the event/tournament name to EVENT
  -games N		Play N games per encounter. This value should be set to
			an even number in tournaments with more than two players
			to make sure that each player plays an equal number of
			games with white and black pieces.
  -rounds N		Multiply the number of rounds to play by N.
			For two-player tournaments this option should be used
			to set the total number of games to play.
  -sprt elo0=ELO0 elo1=ELO1 alpha=ALPHA beta=BETA
			Use a Sequential Probability Ratio Test as a termination
			criterion for the match. This option should only be used
			in matches between two players to test if engine A is
			stronger than engine B. Hypothesis H1 is that A is
			stronger than B by at least ELO0 ELO points, and H0
			(the null hypothesis) is that A is not stronger than B
			by at least ELO1 ELO points. The maximum probabilities
			for type I and type II errors outside the interval
			[ELO0, ELO1] are ALPHA and BETA. The match is stopped if
			either H0 or H1 is accepted or if the maximum number of
			games set by '-rounds' and/or '-games' is reached.
  -ratinginterval N	Set the interval for printing the ratings to N games
  -debug		Display all engine input and output
  -openings file=FILE format=FORMAT order=ORDER plies=PLIES start=START
			Pick game openings from FILE. The file's format is
			FORMAT, which can be either 'epd' or 'pgn' (default).
			Openings will be picked in the order specified by ORDER,
			which can be either 'random' or 'sequential' (default).
			The opening depth is limited to PLIES plies. If PLIES is
			not set the opening depth is unlimited. In sequential
			mode START is the number of the first opening that will
			be played. The minimum value for START is 1 (default).
  -bookmode MODE	Set Polyglot book mode to MODE, which can be one of:
			'ram': The whole book is loaded into RAM (default)
			'disk': The book is accessed directly on disk.
  -pgnout FILE [min][fi]
			Save the games to FILE in PGN format. Use the 'min'
			argument to save in a minimal/compact PGN format. Only
			finished games are saved for argument 'fi'.
  -epdout FILE		Save the end position of the games to FILE in FEN format.
  -recover		Restart crashed engines instead of stopping the match
  -repeat [N]		Play each opening twice (or N times). Unless the -noswap
			option is used, the players swap sides after each game.
			So they get to play the opening on both sides. Please
			note that a new encounter will use a new opening.
  -noswap		Do not swap sides of paired engines
  -seeds N		Set the first N engines as seeds in the tournament
  -site SITE		Set the site/location to SITE
  -srand N		Set the seed for the random number generator to N
  -wait N		Wait N milliseconds between games. The default is 0.

Engine options:

  conf=NAME		Use an engine with the name NAME from Cute Chess'
			engines.json configuration file.
  name=NAME		Set the name to NAME
  cmd=COMMAND		Set the command to COMMAND
  dir=DIR		Set the working directory to DIR
  arg=ARG		Pass ARG to the engine as a command line argument
  initstr=TEXT		Send TEXT to the engine's standard input at startup.
			TEXT may contain multiple lines seprated by '\n'.
  stderr=FILE		Redirect standard error output to FILE
  restart=MODE		Set the restart mode to MODE which can be:
			'auto': the engine decides whether to restart (default)
			'on': the engine is always restarted between games
			'off': the engine is never restarted between games
			Setting this option does not prevent engines from being
			restarted between rounds in a tournament featuring more
			than two engines.
  trust			Trust result claims from the engine without validation.
			By default all claims are validated.
  proto=PROTOCOL	Set the chess protocol to PROTOCOL, which can be one of:
			'xboard': The Xboard/Winboard/CECP protocol
			'uci': The Universal Chess Interface
  tc=TIMECONTROL	Set the time control to TIMECONTROL. The format is
			moves/time+increment, where 'moves' is the number of
			moves per tc, 'time' is time per tc (either seconds or
			minutes:seconds), and 'increment' is time increment
			per move in seconds.
			Infinite time control can be set with 'tc=inf'.
  st=N			Set the time limit for each move to N seconds.
			This option can't be used in combination with "tc".
  timemargin=N		Let engines go N milliseconds over the time limit.
  book=FILE		Use FILE (Polyglot book file) as the opening book
  bookdepth=N		Set the maximum book depth (in fullmoves) to N
  whitepov		Invert the engine's scores when it plays black. This
			option should be used with engines that always report
			scores from white's perspective.
  depth=N		Set the search depth limit to N plies
  nodes=N		Set the node count limit to N nodes
  ponder		Enable pondering if the engine supports it. By default
			pondering is disabled.
  option.OPTION=VALUE	Set custom option OPTION to value VALUE

